---
title: team contract
categories:
  - teambuilding
  - groundwork
author_staff_member: 
show_comments: true 
---

### Preliminary Information

| Name               | UNIX  |
|:------------------:|:-----:|
| Landon Marchant    | LM9   |
| Kenneth An         | TA7   |
| Chris Anton        | CLA1  |

#### Individual Skills/Strengths

##### Chris
* Organization/Time Management
* Streamlining interactions with people
* Planning
##### Kenneth
* Developing creative and optimal ideas
* Communication and feedback
* HTML/CSS/JS
##### Landon
* Ethnographic methods, interviews, note-taking
* Qualitative research experience
* Storytelling

### Guiding Principles (General code of conduct)
* Don't be an ass. This means mutual respect, open communication, clear delegation, do your work, and being honest. 
* Excellence: do the best you can do. It's about not just doing the task, but making sure you're giving your best effort. 

### Preliminary focus on purpose
* Our external stakeholders can be anyone who uses data on artwork. Researchers, faculty, students, curators, visitors, staff, artists.  
* Our ultimate goal is to make a more robust spreadsheet for curators and researchers, by using qualitative data. We will use this to make a search engine function. More TBD. 
* Make people care about art and how it makes them feel (revise this). 

### Dividing up teamwork: Group Roles
* Shared responsibility
* Equal division of work, but also flexibility
* Keep a running list of items already accomplished
* Keep a list of items to accomplish

### Dividing up the task: division of labor
* Shared responsibility, shared profits. We're not pure capitalists and bureaurocrats here.
* Delegation based on skills or skills we want to develop. 
* Consideration given to pressing deadlines, exam schedules, etc. 

### Developing a team plan (based roughly off our syllabus) 
* Brainstorm product -> revise/incorporate individual proposal feedback 
* Team Name: [[Working Title Here]] 
* Create logo (Kenneth)
* Create proposal page (Landon)
* Citations/source material directory
* Link to project page on individual course pages (all of us)

### Meeting management: frequency, focus, how to handle conflict
* Default once a week
* Flexible but responsible

### Rewards/punishments/accountability
* Success: recognition and snack bar. 
* Failure to meet commitments and non-performance: major intervention with large posters and public humiliation. 
* In all actuality, we'll talk about it. 

### Follow-up
* Revisit at midterms.
* Contract revision: identify what's not working, respect dissenting voices. Worst case, escalate to supervision. 
* Non-covered issues can be addressed in the group chat. If escalation is required, include Iris. 
